this is a full rabbit, minus the head, inside we
can see the beautiful offal which I will come
to in a second a rabbit is an extremely lean
meat you can see there's an absence of fat
it's high in omega-3 fatty acids really good
also known as the sustainable, highly sustainable
other white meat and
opening up the cavity taking out the food
inspection stamps suitable for human consumption
raised in ontario with a farm and then we're
taking a look at the offal so here in the
lower part are the kidneys surrounded by some
fat that can just tear away, also known as suet,
in other larger animals, up next working our
way toward the head of the animal into the liver
then closer right inside the rib
cavity is the heart and the lungs
these can be further used in the
stuffing of the saddle of the rabbit
it's a great way to add flavor back
into the rabbit through a farce